hey guys so I've been wanting to do a
review on this foundation right here
this is the mac pro longwear spf10
foundation and i really have been
wanting to do review on this because you
guys have no idea how great this product
is and i'm about to tell you why and why
i think so well I just repeated myself
of that anyways i'm going to review on
this you know based on what i have
experienced and based in my opinions and
all that stuff first of all this one is
in NC 40 i am not actually NC 40 I'm SC
42 oh I got this shade it's a little
lighter than my skin color like my
natural skin color but that's okay it's
not a big deal one thing that you guys
can do about that if you have a
foundation lot lighter than your skin
color or even just a tad bit lighter
than your skin come on you don't like it
and your bronzer powder is your partner
in that situation roast it up cheeks on
your side's right here on temples and
your your chins and it will if actually
it gives a great effect because you have
that really nice highlighted um in the
parts where you didn't frost up hello
sorry that was my boyfriend okay I'm
good I'm just gonna up really quickly
list things that are really like about
this first of all it does its job really
good um it lasts really long so that's
job it's mac prolongwear so it lasts
really long i'd say the maximum that
i've had it on is about maybe about 15
to 18 hours I know that's crazy but I
actually applied this at 9am this
morning and I this is still like I
didn't reapply the powder anything I
didn't retouch and still looks great and
plus I went to the gym what this may
pond can you guys believe that yes
because still has really great cover
really great coverage my makeup dense
much like really crazy and I'm actually
with everything that I make that I
warned today because I went to gym I was
getting really sweaty obviously and my
makeup to stay stay put together and I'm
really really happy it has medium to
medium to full coverage um you can build
it up as SPF so that's a little extra
even though it's not as high it's still
something there's three things
long-lasting has SPF it's buildable at
medium to full coverage so that's what I
like about it the only thing that I
don't like about it is that when you try
and apply it with like some brush
sometimes it would it wouldn't work out
as fine like it doesn't it's not very
easily blendable we'd have to find that
particular brush that actually works
well with this foundation because if you
don't then you'll have that streak
looking foundation if you you know if
you're in a rush or something I have
been wearing this only not every day at
all like you don't have to wear this
everyday unless you need to but I don't
need it I only wear this on like you
know birthday parties or clubbing or
some so some time where I need my
foundation to last really long but like
for school either foundation free or
just like a light coverage foundation or
even a tinted moisturizer so this one is
great for occasion occasional events so
I really recommend this you guys this
would have to be my number one best
liquid foundation ever that I've ever
purchased in my entire life entire life
second to this would have to be the
Makeup Forever Matt one which is also
amazing but I think I like this better
because i feel like it lasts a lot
longer even though the mega forever has
more coverage so that's it that's
everything that i need to tell you guys
i know it's really dirty i've used this
up like crazy as you guys can probably
see right now and almost running out i
probably have like this much right now
I'm gonna have to repurchase this and I
hope you guys let me know if you guys
trying it out or if you are going to
purchase it so
and I will talk to you guys i'll soon
bye
you